Renames `Isaac Lab 3.0` to `Isaac Lab - Newton Beta 2` in the docs (#4338)
isaac-sim/IsaacLab: docs/source/experimental-features/newton-physics-integration/isaaclab_newton-beta-2.rst

Isaac Lab - Newton Beta 2
=========================

> Let's start with the biggest change: enabling the use of multiple physics engines. We refactored our code so that we can not only support PhysX and Newton, but

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Isaac Lab - Newton Beta 2 (feature/newton branch) provides Newton physics engine integration for Isaac Lab. We refactored our code so that we can not only support PhysX and Newton, but
```

to take advantage of the cuda-graphing. However, this means that the ``data classes`` such as :class:`~isaaclab.assets.articulation.ArticulationData` or
:class:`~isaaclab.sensors.ContactSensorData` will only return warp arrays. Users will hence have to call ``wp.to_torch`` to convert them to torch tensors if they desire.
Our setters/writers will support both warp arrays and torch tensors, and will use the most optimal strategy to update the warp arrays under the hood. This minimizes the
amount of changes required for users to migrate to Isaac Lab - Newton Beta 2.

Another new feature of the writers and setters is the ability to provide them with masks and complete data (as opposed to indices and partial data in Isaac Lab 2.X).
Note that this feature will be available along with the ability to provide indices and partial data, and that the default behavior will still be to provide indices and partial data.
However, if using warp, users will have to provide masks and complete data. In general we encourage users to move to adopt this new feature as, if done well, it will
reduce on the fly memory allocations, and should result in better performance.

> On the optimization front, we decided to change quaternion conventions. Originally, Isaac Lab and Isaac Sim both adopted the ``wxyz`` convention. However, we were doing a located

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the optimization front, we decided to change quaternion conventions. Originally, Isaac Lab and Isaac Sim both adopted the ``wxyz`` convention. However, we were doing several
```

of conversion to and from ``xyzw`` in our setters/writers as PhysX uses the ``xyzw`` convention. Since both Newton and Warp, also use the ``xyzw`` convention, we decided to change
our default convention to ``xyzw``. This means that all our APIs will now return quaternions in the ``xyzw`` convention. This is likely a breaking change for all the custom
mdps that are not using our :mod:`~isaaclab.utils.math` module. While this change is substantial, it should make things more consistent for when users are using the simulation
views directly, and will remove needless conversions.

Finally, alongside the new isaaclab_newton extension, we are also introducing new isaaclab_experimental and isaaclab_task_experimental extensions. These extensions will allow

> quickly bring to main isaaclab new features while leaving them the time they need to mature before being fully integrated into the core isaaclab extensions. In this release,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
us to quickly bring new features to Isaac Lab main while giving them the time they need to mature before being fully integrated into the core Isaac Lab extensions. In this release,
```

> we are introducing cuda-graphing support for direct rl tasks. This allows to drastically reduce Isaac Lab's overhead making training faster. Try them out and let us know what you think!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
we are introducing cuda-graphing support for direct rl tasks. This drastically reduces Isaac Lab's overhead making training faster. Try them out and let us know what you think!
```
